Vanity domain (#484)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-Enterprise: Enterprise/use-office-365-cdn-with-spo.md

> Restrictions for use of the Office 365 CDN:
> + The Office 365 CDN is only available to tenants in the **Production** (worldwide) cloud. Tenants in the US Government, China and Germany clouds do not currently support the Office 365 CDN.
> + The Office 365 CDN does not currently support tenants configured with custom or "vanity" domains. If you have added a domain to your tenant using the instructions in the topic [Add a domain to Office 365](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/office365/admin/setup/add-domain?view=o365-worldwide), the Office 365 CDN will return errors when you try to access content from the CDN.

> > + If vanity domain is setup for any of the Office 365 component, CDN services will not work.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> + If vanity domain is set up for any of the Office 365 components, the CDN services will not work.
```
